README.md, before:

![Logo of the project](https://github.com/Genji-MS/imja/blob/main/static/Imja.png)

# IMJA

> Stegonagraphy - encrypting a hidden text message in an image

Using a SHA512 hash, Imja (IMage ninJA) will encode a secret message across the three least significant bits of an images 'RGB' color channels, pixel by pixel. Only by entering the same 'password' can the same SHA512 be generated to decode the image.

## Confidentiality by using a data URI

Imja outputs images using an embedded URI. Nothing is saved to disk or stored server side

- URI wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_URI_scheme
- A Data URI consists of:
 ```data:[<media type>][;base64],<data>```

## Limitations

- Rich text, HTML, and other code is not supported in the message. Any/All Special characters will appear as text

- IMJA supports only .png images without transparency
- 'RGBA' images will be converted to 'RGB'

- Modifying an image after it has been encoded will compromise the hidden message quality

- Images of any size are supported up to the URI character length of ~2,083 (browser limitation)

- Encoded text is fixed at 7px x 13px per character
- A message greater then the image width will be auto-wrapped by character
- A message greater then the available image size will have visible clipping with a detailed warning of the character limit
- Zooming in is recommended to read a decoded image.

- Encoding/Decoding a message with no image attached will result in an unhandled exception (browser error)

## DEMO

The published source code is deployed on Heroku and free to use
https://imja.herokuapp.com/


### What's inside:

- Flask - Backend
https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/

- PIL - Pillow - Python Imaging Library
https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

- Hashlib - Secure hashes and message digests
https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html

- Base64 - binary-to-text encoding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64

- BytesIO - produces bytes objects
https://docs.python.org/3/library/io.html

- re - Regex
https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html

### Licensing

No license is granted

### Contact information

Genji.Tapia@students.makeschool.com

Commit message:

working dockerized deployment, updated Readme

README.md, after:

![Logo of the project](https://github.com/Genji-MS/imja/blob/main/static/Imja.png)

# IMJA

> Stegonagraphy - encrypting a hidden text message in an image

Using a SHA512 hash, Imja (IMage ninJA) will encode a secret message across the three least significant bits of an images 'RGB' color channels, pixel by pixel. Only by entering the same 'password' can the same SHA512 be generated to decode the image.

## Confidentiality by using a data URI

Imja outputs images using an embedded URI. Nothing is saved to disk or stored server side

- URI wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_URI_scheme
- A Data URI consists of:
 ```data:[<media type>][;base64],<data>```

## Limitations

- Rich text, HTML, and other code is not supported in the message. Any/All Special characters will appear as text

- IMJA supports only .png images without transparency
- 'RGBA' images will be converted to 'RGB'

- Modifying an image after it has been encoded will compromise the hidden message quality

- Images of any size are supported up to the URI character length of ~2,083 (browser limitation)

- Encoded text is fixed at 7px x 13px per character
- A message greater then the image width will be auto-wrapped by character
- A message greater then the available image size will have visible clipping with a detailed warning of the character limit
- Zooming into a decoded image is recommended to read the text

- URI's are not supported at the base level on some browzers. Opening an image in another tab may cause an error

- Encoding/Decoding a message with no image attached will result in an unhandled exception (browser error)

## DEMO

Imja is deployed on Heroku and free to use
https://imja.herokuapp.com/

The Dockerized version is deployed at
https://imja.dev.genji.games/


### What's inside:

- Flask - Backend
https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/

- PIL - Pillow - Python Imaging Library
https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

- Hashlib - Secure hashes and message digests
https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html

- Base64 - binary-to-text encoding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64

- BytesIO - produces bytes objects
https://docs.python.org/3/library/io.html

- re - Regex
https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html

### Licensing

No license is granted

### Contact information

Genji.Tapia@students.makeschool.com
